Add a plugin to upload the generated images to S3 (#158)
pytroll/trollflow2: doc/source/index.rst

  - ``min_valid_data_fraction: 10`` - only generate products if at least 10% of covered
  part of scene contains valid data.

> Uploading produced data to S3

Reviewer: I could like to amend this section with a disclaimer that this is NOT the recommended way to dispatch files. The dispatcher should be used instead.

Author: A note added in 3c32b26 .

  - ``min_valid_data_fraction: 10`` - only generate products if at least 10% of covered
  part of scene contains valid data.

Uploading produced data to S3
*****************************

.. note::
   Outside of container environments, it is perhaps better to have a separate dispatcher from
   `Trollmoves <https://github.com/pytroll/trollmoves/>`_ to handle the file transfers. With
   containers this will require an additional container image, configuration and a use of

>    a shared volume for the temporary local files.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I agree here. Nothing prevents containers of running multiple processes simultaneously, as indicated here: https://docs.docker.com/config/containers/multi-service_container/
It is of course not recommended, but fixing a dispatcher as a trollflow2 plugin doesn't change the problem in my opinion.
Moreover, I don't understand why there is a doubt that having product generation and dispatching separate is better. 
Aren't we trying to separate concerns in general?

Author: For me this is a placeholder until we can write "directly" to S3. With this approach, we don't need to restructure the processing chain later on by removing the additional dispatcher container and adjusting the configuration of the next step in the chain.

I'll reword the text tomorrow.

Author: The documentation is reworded and clarified in b13fa0a

Author: Used your suggestion.

> .. note::
>    In most cases it is perhaps better to have a separate dispatcher from
>    `Trollmoves <https://github.com/pytroll/trollmoves/>`_ to handle the file transfers. With
>    containers this will require an additional container image, configuration and a use of
>    a shared volume for the temporary local files, so this plugin makes setting up the uploading
>    easier. Later on, if direct saving to S3 becomes available in Satpy writers, this plugin
>    will be removed.

Reviewer: I still don't agree, sorry. I propose we skip the container part and explain what this is: a workaround. Here is a suggestion.

```suggestion
.. note::
   To transfer files to remote file systems, it is recommended to use a separate process, eg the dispatcher 
   from `Trollmoves <https://github.com/pytroll/trollmoves/>`_ to handle the file transfers. However,
   this plugin is a workaround for Satpy's current inability to perform direct remote writing, not a 
   dispatcher in itself. Later on, if direct saving to S3 becomes available in Satpy writers, this plugin
   will be deprecated and eventually removed.
```

      - avhrr-3

    min_coverage: 25
    s3_config:
      target: s3://name-of-the-bucket/

>       delete_files: true

Reviewer 2: Do we still need `output_dir` when we use `s3_config` like this?  It would just be a temporary directory like `staging_zone`?  It would seem that this could be optional if `delete_files` is `True`, and that if the user has not defined what temporary directory to use, trollflow2 could create its own with `tempfile.TemporaryDirectory`?

Author: The `output_dir` is used by the `save_datasets` plugin, and defaults to current directory. The `s3_uploader` just gets the filenames from the product list and uploads them to the target bucket. Making the `s3_config` to affect the `save_datasets` would make the usage quite complex. At least complex to explain.

>       delete_files: true

Reviewer: I would like to avoid having a configuration for s3 here, because if we decide to add other protocols, it will require still other config sections.
My wish is to keep things simple in the config, and in the code.
So as an alternative, could we just use the `output_dir` parameter for specifying the target protocol? Like
`output_dir: s3://name-of-the-bucket/some/dir/`?
Then, we can use the `staging_zone` parameter to set where the files are saved locally before the transfer.

Author: Didn't know about the staging zone, can't see it in the documentation. I'll have a look.

Author: The staging zone is used to rename files after the Satpy writer is done with them, and needs the file to remain in the same filesystem. So it can't be used in this case.

Author: The functionality of `staging_zone` and file renaming have been modified so that the S3 uploader can use `staging_zone` as temporary local storage.

    - fun: !!python/name:trollflow2.plugins.resample
    - fun: !!python/name:trollflow2.plugins.save_datasets
    - fun: !!python/name:trollflow2.plugins.add_overviews

>     - fun: !!python/name:trollflow2.plugins.s3_uploader

Author: Will do.

>     - fun: !!python/name:trollflow2.plugins.s3_uploader

Author: Done in aaa9c65 .

>     - fun: !!python/name:trollflow2.plugins.s3_uploader

Reviewer: Thanks! can it be merged with s3_utils?

>     - fun: !!python/name:trollflow2.plugins.s3_uploader

Author: `trollflow2.s3_utilities.*` has been moved to `trollflow2.plugins.s3` in 8e00ccc
